Fix ZoneRepository BC-Break (#15739)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-1.13.md

    - `Sylius\Bundle\PromotionBundle\Form\Type\Rule\ItemTotalConfigurationType`

   The constraints previously defined in these forms are now in `src/Sylius/Bundle/CoreBundle/Resources/config/validation/PromotionRule.xml` and managed via the new validation groups parameters in the configuration.

1. The `Sylius\Component\Addressing\Repository\ZoneRepositoryInterface` and
   `Sylius\Bundle\AddressingBundle\Repository\ZoneRepository` were added.

>    If you use the custom `Zone` repository, you should update it to extend the `Sylius\Bundle\AddressingBundle\Repository\ZoneRepository`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you created a custom `Zone` repository, you should update it to extend the `Sylius\Bundle\AddressingBundle\Repository\ZoneRepository`
```

1. The constructor of `Sylius\Component\Addressing\Matcher\ZoneMatcher` has been changed:

    ```diff
        public function __construct(
    -       private Sylius\Component\Resource\Repository\RepositoryInterface $zoneRepository,
    +       private Sylius\Bundle\AddressingBundle\Repository\ZoneRepositoryInterface $zoneRepository,
        )
        {

>         }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Seems unneeded
